app/blogs/just-one-more-game/page.mdx, before:

export const metadata = {
  title: "Just One More Game | JP Sanchez",
  description: "10 straight losses are not that bad.",
  openGraph: {
    title: "Just One More Game | JP Sanchez",
    description: "10 straight losses are not that bad.",
    type: "article",
    url: "https://ogjayp.com/blogs/just-one-more-game",
    siteName: "@ogjayp",
    publishedTime: "2025-05-27",
    authors: ["JP Sanchez"],
    tags: ["Gaming", "Life", "Work-Life Balance"],
  },
  twitter: {
    card: "summary_large_image",
    title: "Just One More Game | JP Sanchez",
    description: "10 straight losses are not that bad.",
    creator: "@ogjayp",
  },
  authors: [{ name: "JP Sanchez", url: "https://ogjayp.com" }],
  keywords: ["gaming", "overwatch", "work life balance", "gaming stories", "unranked matches"],
  category: "Gaming",
}

import { DefeatAnimation } from "./defeat-animation"

# Just One More Game

<DefeatAnimation />

**We're loss maxing.** Ok so we had a couple bad games, some not so trying games (because it's unranked of course), and then sweat dripping, controller raging, beating that makes you realize you spent 2 hours of your life, losing.

But this new Juno skin is sick right? But when did the time fly by so fast, it's now 11:28PM... and I forgot to meal prep. :(


## The Warm Up

Hopping onto the home screen after a day of working, errands, and traffic, feels like a breath of fresh air. Like it's finally time to relax, time to stop thinking about stress, time to lock-in... as much as one could do in solo unranked **LOL**. You know the feeling, one that cannot be attained even through Google Chrome's Remote Desktop (because the remote connection has a too much lag). It feels like walking through the gates of Disneyland, even if you've been a handful of times, the scent of fresh baked goods, the small train chugging towards it's stop nearly 10 feet above you, and listining to the sound of a bebop trumpet and horns at the edge on Main Street. You think to yourself, let's take a walk, maybe get a ride out of the way that you never been too at the edge of the park. Star Wars, after bumping and dodging strollers on the pathway you make it to the entrance just to see the cheeky smile of a Cast Member letting you know that the wait is 2 hours. But you made it this far, you knew it might be a lengthy wait, right?

## May 27, 2025

Working remotely, you focus on your task for a good 3 hours, strained,and then you need a break. A good break that will give you energy to continue working. Since I am not in the office, instead of a bathroom tiktok break or a short walk, I grab a controller and start the game, hoping it will make my day a little better. Not even trying to win, I just wanna have fun. Start unranked, 6v6, select a character that is not my main but good enough to have fun with. Hoping there's no try hards in the middle of the day, 3pm, but I get stuck in the most aggrevating 15 minutes of my life. What is it like to touch grass? Or taking a nap with a cool spring breeze midly blowing through your curtains lightly flashing glimpses of the sun while the AC is hitting you with a chilling 68 degrees? I think to myself, might as well just leave the game, get a penalty, but then I peak at the count down and see 3 minutes left. Maybe it was just bad luck.

Commit message:

finished blog just one more game

app/blogs/just-one-more-game/page.mdx, after:

export const metadata = {
  title: "Just One More Game | JP Sanchez",
  description: "10 straight losses are not that bad. A tale of Overwatch 2.",
  openGraph: {
    title: "Just One More Game | JP Sanchez",
    description: "10 straight losses are not that bad. A tale of Overwatch 2.",
    type: "article",
    url: "https://ogjayp.com/blogs/just-one-more-game",
    siteName: "@ogjayp",
    publishedTime: "2025-05-27",
    authors: ["JP Sanchez"],
    tags: ["Gaming", "Life", "Work-Life Balance"],
  },
  twitter: {
    card: "summary_large_image",
    title: "Just One More Game | JP Sanchez",
    description: "10 straight losses are not that bad. A tale of Overwatch 2.",
    creator: "@ogjayp",
  },
  authors: [{ name: "JP Sanchez", url: "https://ogjayp.com" }],
  keywords: ["gaming", "overwatch", "work life balance", "gaming stories", "unranked matches"],
  category: "Gaming",
}

import { DefeatAnimation } from "./defeat-animation"

# Just One More Game

<DefeatAnimation />

**We're loss maxing.** Ok so we had a couple bad games, some not so trying games (because it's unranked of course), and then sweat dripping, controller raging, beating that makes you realize you spent 2 hours of your life, losing.

But this new Juno skin is sick right? But when did the time fly by so fast, it's now 11:28PM... and I forgot to meal prep. :(


## The Warm Up

Hopping onto the home screen after a day of working, errands, and traffic, feels like a breath of fresh air. Like it's finally time to relax, time to stop thinking about stress, time to lock-in... as much as one could do in solo unranked **LOL**. You know the feeling, one that cannot be attained even through Google Chrome's Remote Desktop (because the remote connection has a too much lag). It feels like walking through the gates of Disneyland, even if you've been a handful of times, the scent of fresh baked goods, the small train chugging towards it's stop nearly 10 feet above you, and listening to the sound of a bebop trumpet and horns at the edge on Main Street. You think to yourself, let's take a walk, maybe get a ride out of the way that you never been too at the edge of the park. Star Wars, after bumping and dodging strollers on the pathway you make it to the entrance just to see the cheeky smile of a Cast Member letting you know that the wait is 2 hours. But you made it this far, you knew it might be a lengthy wait, right?

## May 27, 2025

Working remotely, you focus on your task for a good 3 hours, strained, and then you need a break. A good break that will give you energy to continue working. Since I am not in the office, instead of a bathroom tiktok break or a short walk, I grab a controller and start the game, hoping it will make my day a little better. Not even trying to win, I just wanna have fun. Start unranked, 6v6, select a hero that is not my main but good enough to have fun with. Hoping there's no try hards in the middle of the day, 3pm, but I get stuck in the most aggravating 15 minutes of my life. What is it like to touch grass? Or taking a nap with a cool spring breeze midly blowing through your curtains lightly flashing glimpses of the sun while the AC is hitting you with a chilling 68 degrees? I think to myself, might as well just leave the game, get a penalty, but then I peak at the count down and see 3 minutes left. Maybe it was just bad luck.

## Thursday, gg wp

It's the evening, you just finished eating dinner and watching your favorite anime or kdrama. You've just scrolled past the everyday is a reason to drink guy, 1 thirst trap, 2 Clair Obscur videos about "For those who come after..." and the 78hr work week blue collar fellow where you finally realize, you've been dreadfully itching to grab the controller next to you. ```Press 'A' To Play -> MATCH FOUND -> Ilios -> Junkrat``` A great start to solo unranked, no clue what the challenge is but a hero to play for fun and some "skill." Round 1 is in the bag, you can't believe the other team continued to walk into your trap on their side of the hole (like everytime too). This next one, for sure another dub, if they kep falling into my traps they won't survive walking into the small shack point... here comes **the counter.** Their lineup: DVA, Orisa, Moira, Soldier, Torb, and Kiriko. All of a sudden, coordinated ults, 6v1's, last minute saves from their Kiri, and the pressure of an armored Orisa javellin spinning you off the map. GG.

## Never End on a Loss

I won the next match, I felt bad, it was a little too easy in fact they gave up in the first 60 seconds of Push. The right thing to do is end on a win, I've already been playing for nearly 2 hours but... it's only 10:44PM what's the rush to call the night early, I can do one more game right? After that I kept telling myself "Just one more game" hoping to have at least one fair match, I don't need a win, just a challenge to get better. 2 hours go by, we're 10 losses in back-to-back... I'm better than this, at least I thought. It might be the death of me, but we never end on a loss.
